Document Docker registries configuration options for `skip_push` and `extra_image_tags`. (#16015)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/markdown/Docker/docker.md

# Will build the image and push it to all registries, with all tags.
```

> Publishing may be skipped per registry or entirely per `docker_image` using `skip_push`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing may be skipped per registry or entirely per `docker_image` by setting
the field `skip_push` to `True`.
```
